





Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak and our fingernails are made of.

An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.

75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plants and five different animal species.

The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.

The British government coined the slogan “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 to motivate citizens to stay strong. Posters with the slogan were printed but never officially issued and were only unearthed in 2000.

Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700.

While Apple was building a huge data center in the middle of North Carolina, they wanted to occupy the area of a couple that had lived there for 34 years. When the couple refused to leave, Apple paid them $1.7 million dollars for their land.

Tirana, the capital of Albania, has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one. It’s one of the few capitals without a Mcdonald’s, along with Vatican City and Reykjavik, Iceland, and Podgorica, Montenegro.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish but with sour sugar.

The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.

IKEA is an acronym that stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, the farm where he grew up, and his hometown.

In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers but didn’t publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.

Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.

There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which are less than most third-world countries.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the midwest, not the South.

The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX, who was either 11 or 20 years old when he was elected in 1032. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.

There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64.

Only one of the developers had ever worked on a video game before.

The game received multiple year-end awards, including the BAFTA Interactive Entertainment Games Award in 1998 and four awards from the inaugural AIAS Interactive Achievement Awards.

Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.

Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.

There is an island called “Just Enough Room,” where there’s just enough room for a tree and a house.

People who post their fitness routine on Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.

Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.

Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million aren’t considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.

Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first-ever animated show to air during primetime.

There is a company that sells mirrors that make people look 10 pounds thinner. Overall, the mirrors have contributed to 54% of total sales for retailers that use them.

There’s no period in “Dr. Pepper.” It was removed because the old logo font made it look like “Di: Pepper.”

There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called “underwater rugby.”

It is a contact sport between 2 teams of 6 competing underwater in a pool to score goals while freediving.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.

In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.

The human eye is so sensitive that if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.

When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.

The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.

28% of people on the autism spectrum are left-handed, and only 10% of people, in general, are left-handed.

In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: “Welcome to Scotland.”

Until 2016, the “Happy Birthday” song was not for public use. Meaning that prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted, and you had to pay a license to use it.

When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.

This is mostly due to the fact that they’re a good source of food for other animals. However, in a controlled environment, like being kept as a pet, they can live up to two years.

There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backward question mark ⸮

Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.

Researchers have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.

A cluster of bananas is called a “hand.” Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger.”

The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.

For nearly 60 years, Texas didn’t have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was active, but the unofficial flag.

A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue-twister “How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood” and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.

Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.

Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.

Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.

The country was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French.

Those cute furry bits inside a cat’s ear are called “ear furnishings.” They ensure that dirt doesn’t go inside and also helps them to hear well.

Scientists discovered sharks living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.

There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.

There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender, and Librarian.

The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.

In 1994, the company that had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.

China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda-shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.

Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.

The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.

To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.





































